Adding amberelectric documentation (#19396)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/amberelectric.markdown

---
title: Amber Electric
description: Instructions on how to integrate Amber Electric live prices within Home Assistant.
ha_category:

>   - Sensor

Reviewer: Energy?

ha_release: 2021.9
ha_iot_class: Cloud Polling
ha_config_flow: true
ha_codeowners:
  - "@madpilot"
ha_domain: amberelectric
ha_platforms:
  - sensor
---

> [Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports the shift to a more renewably-powered Australia. Using the `amberelectric` component, customers can go a step further - setting up devices to automatically shift energy usage to cheaper and greener times, based on real-time electricity prices and forecasts”

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Amber](https://www.amber.com.au/) is an Australian electricity retailer that provides access to wholesale electricity prices. Customers monitor the wholesale price and shift their energy usage to cheaper, greener times. This saves them money and supports the shift to a more renewably-powered Australia.

Using this integration, customers can go a step further - setting up devices to automatically shift energy usage to cheaper and greener times, based on real-time electricity prices and forecasts.
```

Author: Good feedback - paragraph is now split
